So this is the Contact Us page that we create in the bootstrap template.
So now we're going to convert this over to Wordpress in a similar kind of way to the about as Page recreate
in the last video.
So it's going to be pretty straightforward to convert now to more of the hard work in Bootstrap.
So as usual going to create a new page and service as Page IV and contact doppie HP.
And then the news the page news template to get started.
So copy all the contents.
And then paste this in.
And then back up to the comments.
Will do the same as before but this time will changes to contact us.
And say that if you go over to Wordpress and then into the dashboard.
And then look for the page that we've created.
So the contact does an edit.
And then change its template.
We're going to use to be.
Contact us and an update that page.
Back over to the text editor.
So we're going to see all the blog section and also the sidebar.
All the way down to the footer.
So leaving the header and the footer in and then next need to find the Contact Us page we create and
bootstrap.
So go back into the trunk will be folder and drug in the contact or hate schimel into your text editor.
And then will copy this section which is the contact part.
So look for the Contact Us section comments.
Then copy all the way down to the close and section tag.
Which is just before the footer.
So copy it up and then paste it in between the header and footer.
Now back to the top of the page.
So a couple of small changes to make on this page.
First of all we've got the level 2 heading which is just static text.
So the changes to be were pressed by HP.
So patch P The underscore title.
And then close off I use HP to pull in the page say Oh.
How many fixie image file pass.
So when I go back into the front page and also copy the same part that we had last time which is the
p p.
And again don't forget the forward slush.
So back into the contact page and paste just before the divide image.
Nancy was it more.
Not a thing that.
Okay.
So let's see let's work on.
So go back to the site.
Then in the footer menu select the contact page.
OK good.
So the only thing to do is the feature tech section.
So we should know how to do this by now.
If you go to functions drop the HP.
And we use the same blog info name and also the page style.
So it's pretty simple to add we can add this to the same function.
So copy is page template then paste up below when it's put the awesome line and change page about to
be page contact.
Oh great.
So save and then refresh.
So that's a contact us page now finished.
And join me in the next video on the crate the four or four page.